chore(ci): build and test macOS universal2 wheels on macOS arm64 (#6117)
onnx/onnx: docs/CIPipelines.md

  [LinuxRelease_aarch64](/.github/workflows/release_linux_aarch64.yml) | <ul><li>Main branch</li><li>Release branch</li><li>Weekly</li></ul>  | <ul><li>Latest manylinux2014_aarch64</li><li>ONNX_USE_PROTOBUF_SHARED_LIBS=OFF</li><li>ONNX_ML=1</li><li>ONNX_USE_LITE_PROTO=ON</li></ul>| <ul><li> Release Linux aarch64 wheel</li><li>Release onnx-weekly package</li><li>Verify with different dependency versions - latest numpy version, latest and min supported protobuf version</li><li>Verify ONNX with the latest ONNX Runtime PyPI package</li></ul> |
  [LinuxRelease_x86_64](/.github/workflows/release_linux_x86_64.yml) | <ul><li>Main branch</li><li>Release branch</li><li>Weekly</li></ul> | <ul><li>Latest LinuxRelease_x86_64</li><li>ONNX_USE_PROTOBUF_SHARED_LIBS=OFF</li><li>ONNX_ML=1</li><li>ONNX_USE_LITE_PROTO=ON</li></ul>| <ul><li> Release Linux x86_64 wheel</li><li>Release onnx-weekly package</li><li>Test TEST_HUB=1(4)</li><li>Verify with different dependency versions - latest numpy version, latest and min supported protobuf version</li><li>Verify ONNX with the latest ONNX Runtime PyPI package.</li></ul> |

>   [MacRelease](/.github/workflows/release_mac.yml) | <ul><li>Main branch</li><li>Release branch</li><li>Weekly</li></ul> | <ul><li>macos-latest</li><li> MACOSX_DEPLOYMENT_TARGET=10.15 </li><li>ONNX_USE_PROTOBUF_SHARED_LIBS=OFF</li><li>ONNX_ML=1</li><li>ONNX_USE_LITE_PROTO=ON</li></ul>| <ul><li>Release Mac wheel</li><li>Release onnx-weekly package</li><li>Verify with different dependency versions - latest numpy version, latest and min supported protobuf version</li><li>Verify ONNX with the latest ONNX Runtime PyPI package.</li><li>Test source distribution generation</li><li>Test build with source distribution</li><li>Release onnx-weekly source distribution</li></ul> |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  [MacRelease](/.github/workflows/release_mac.yml) | <ul><li>Main branch</li><li>Release branch</li><li>Weekly</li></ul> | <ul><li>macos-latest</li><li> MACOSX_DEPLOYMENT_TARGET=11.0 </li><li>ONNX_USE_PROTOBUF_SHARED_LIBS=OFF</li><li>ONNX_ML=1</li><li>ONNX_USE_LITE_PROTO=ON</li></ul>| <ul><li>Release Mac wheel</li><li>Release onnx-weekly package</li><li>Verify with different dependency versions - latest numpy version, latest and min supported protobuf version</li><li>Verify ONNX with the latest ONNX Runtime PyPI package.</li><li>Test source distribution generation</li><li>Test build with source distribution</li><li>Release onnx-weekly source distribution</li></ul> |
```
